docs: Provide Docs Feedback & Fix Markdown and Metadata for Consistency (#213)
open-sauced/docs: docs/community/faqs.md

---
id: faqs
title: 'Frequently Asked Questions'
sidebar_label: FAQs
keywords:
  - faqs
---

## Contributions

> 1. **How do I find good first issues?**

Author: Do we want to keep the `ol` as it is or make them `h3` for better read?

![ol vs h3](https://github.com/open-sauced/docs/assets/45172775/81f45164-d9c9-4c8f-9fa1-8f17026508a8)

   We believe that [good first issues don't exist](https://opensauced.pizza/blog/good-first-issues-dont-exist), and the best way to find an issue to work on is to create the issue yourself.

   However, sites like [Good First Issues](https://goodfirstissues.com/) and [First Timers Only](https://www.firsttimersonly.com/) can lead you to projects and issues worth working on. You can also use the `good first issue` label in the search engine of the project you want to contribute to. Check out [this guide](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-find-good-first-issues-on-github/) to learn more.

   **Additional resources**:

   - ["Who's looking for open source contributors?"](https://dev.to/opensauced/whos-looking-for-open-source-contributors-week-46-247i)
   - [Intro to Open Source Course](https://intro.opensauced.pizza/)

2. **My contribution does not show up on my OpenSauced profile. How do I fix it?**

>    Create an [insight page](https://app.opensauced.pizza/hub/insights) or add your merged pull request to [a highlight](https://app.opensauced.pizza/feed).

Author: - I feel like the answer is not answering the question here because creating an insight page is different with creating a highlight.
- We do have a "Contributions" tab on our profile. Does the intention of the question is to ask about how to fix if contributions are not showing up in the "Contribution" tab or about how to fix if the contributions are not showing on the "Highlights" tab?

We might want to consider to update this with something like below or remove it.

```markdown
2. **My contribution does not appear on the "Highlights" tab in my OpenSauced profile.**

   You need to first create [a highlight](https://app.opensauced.pizza/feed) of your pull request, issue, or blog post on Dev.to.
```

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/open-sauced/docs/assets/34313413/ccdbfa51-ec5d-4eef-a81d-8e40a9e06257)

It's an issue of when we're getting data to populate that chart. If you create a highlight with the repo or an insight page with the repo, it will make the update. We've got something in the works that should fix this, but right now this is the solution.

3. **I want to provide feedback on OpenSauced.**

   We love feedback. Post your suggestion in our [feedback repository](https://github.com/orgs/open-sauced/discussions).

> ## [Sync your GitHub Team](#sync-your-github-team)

Author: I removed the link.

1. **I don't see my organization on "Sync your GitHub Team".**

   You may not see your organization if you are not a "public" member. You can update this by going to the organization on GitHub and selecting the "People" tab. Next, search for your name. You can then change "private" to "public." For full instructions, see [this guide](https://docs.github.com/en/account-and-profile/setting-up-and-managing-your-personal-account-on-github/managing-your-membership-in-organizations/publicizing-or-hiding-organization-membership).

2. **I get an error when I try to select my team in "Sync your GitHub Team".**

>    If you see your organization but get an error when you try to select a team, your organization likely has restricted third-party applications. You can check this by going to "Your organizations" on GitHub, selecting "Settings", and then "Third-party Access".

Author: I can't check this out because I don't have access to any organizations. But if this instruction is the same with [this resource on GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/organizations/managing-oauth-access-to-your-organizations-data/enabling-oauth-app-access-restrictions-for-your-organization), we might as well want to adjust it for clarification. Currently, it's not too clear where we can find "Your organization" on GitHub.

```suggestion
   If you see your organization but get an error when you try to select a team, your organization likely has restricted third-party applications. You can check this by going to your profile picture in the upper-right corner of GitHub and selecting "Your organizations". Then select "Settings", followed by selecting "Third-party Access".
```
